Script to automatically upload templates to GAM (#314)
guardian/commercial-templates: scripts/upload/README.md

# Upload to GAM

> This script will upload any templates with an `ad.json` containing a `nativeStyleId` property to GAM, replacing the corresponding generated HTML & CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will upload all commercial templates to GAM, replacing the corresponding generated HTML & CSS.

The script checks for the presence of an ad.json file in the template directories. This file must contain the key `nativeStyleId`, specifying the ID for the corresponding [native style][native-style] in GAM.

[native-style]: https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/13404315?hl=en&ref_topic=7032550&sjid=6297647672569553146-EU
```
